README.md, before:

# Navigation
## Project Details
In this project, we train an agent to navigate a large, square world to
collect yellow bananas while avoiding blue bananas. We use a
[Unity ML-Agents](https://unity.com/products/machine-learning-agents)
based environment provided by Udacity for this exercise. More details
about the environment is provided below.

![Agent trained](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5950690/100053043-15fab280-2dd4-11eb-906f-2dc2df7846c8.gif)

#### State space
The state space has 37 dimensions and contains the agent's velocity,
along with ray-based perception of objects around the agent's
forward direction. Given this information, the agent has to learn
how to best select actions.

#### Action space
The agent can take one of four discrete actions, corresponding to:

| action_id | action        |
|-----------|---------------|
| 0         | move forward  |
| 1         | move backward |
| 2         | turn left     |
| 3         | turn right    |

#### Reward
A reward of +1 is provided for collecting a yellow banana, and a reward
of -1 is provided for collecting a blue banana. The goal of the agent is
to collect as many yellow bananas as possible while avoiding blue bananas.

#### Definition of solved
The task is episodic - there are 300 time-steps in each episode (by default;
this setting can be changed). The environment is considered solved when the
agent gets an average score of +13 over 100 consecutive episodes.

## Getting Started

To set up your python environment to run the code in this repository, follow the instructions below.

1. Create (and activate) a new environment with Python 3.6.

	- __Linux__ or __Mac__:
	```bash
	conda create --name drlnd python=3.6
	conda activate drlnd
	```
	- __Windows__:
	```bash
	conda create --name drlnd python=3.6
	conda activate drlnd
	```

2. Clone the repository (if you haven't already!), and navigate to the `python/` folder.  Then, install several dependencies.
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/nsriram13/rl-navigation.git
    cd rl-navigation/python
    pip install .
    ```

3. Create an [IPython kernel](http://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/install/kernel_install.html) for the `drlnd` environment.
    ```bash
    python -m ipykernel install --user --name drlnd --display-name "drlnd"
    ```

4. Before running code in a notebook, change the kernel to match the `drlnd` environment by using the drop-down `Kernel` menu.

5. This repository uses pre-commit hooks for auto-formatting and linting.
    * Run `pre-commit install` to set up the git hook scripts - this installs flake8 formatting, black
    auto-formatting as pre-commit hooks.
    * Run `gitlint install-hook` to install the gitlint commit-msg hook
    * (optional) If you want to manually run all pre-commit hooks on a repository,
    run `pre-commit run --all-files`. To run individual hooks use `pre-commit run <hook_id>`.

## Instructions
Follow the instructions in `Navigation.ipynb` to train the agent.

Commit message:

docs: updating README w instructions to download the project environment

README.md, after:

# Navigation
## Project Details
In this project, we train an agent to navigate a large, square world to
collect yellow bananas while avoiding blue bananas. We use a
[Unity ML-Agents](https://unity.com/products/machine-learning-agents)
based environment provided by Udacity for this exercise. More details
about the environment is provided below.

![Agent trained](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5950690/100053043-15fab280-2dd4-11eb-906f-2dc2df7846c8.gif)

#### State space
The state space has 37 dimensions and contains the agent's velocity,
along with ray-based perception of objects around the agent's
forward direction. Given this information, the agent has to learn
how to best select actions.

#### Action space
The agent can take one of four discrete actions, corresponding to:

| action_id | action        |
|-----------|---------------|
| 0         | move forward  |
| 1         | move backward |
| 2         | turn left     |
| 3         | turn right    |

#### Reward
A reward of +1 is provided for collecting a yellow banana, and a reward
of -1 is provided for collecting a blue banana. The goal of the agent is
to collect as many yellow bananas as possible while avoiding blue bananas.

#### Definition of solved
The task is episodic - there are 300 time-steps in each episode (by default;
this setting can be changed). The environment is considered solved when the
agent gets an average score of +13 over 100 consecutive episodes.

## Getting Started

To set up your python environment to run the code in this repository, follow the instructions below.

1. Create (and activate) a new environment with Python 3.6.

	- __Linux__ or __Mac__:
	```bash
	conda create --name drlnd python=3.6
	conda activate drlnd
	```
	- __Windows__:
	```bash
	conda create --name drlnd python=3.6
	conda activate drlnd
	```

2. Clone the repository (if you haven't already!), and navigate to the `python/` folder.  Then, install several dependencies.
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/nsriram13/rl-navigation.git
    cd rl-navigation/python
    pip install .
    ```

3. Create an [IPython kernel](http://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/install/kernel_install.html) for the `drlnd` environment.
    ```bash
    python -m ipykernel install --user --name drlnd --display-name "drlnd"
    ```

4. Before running code in a notebook, change the kernel to match the `drlnd` environment by using the drop-down `Kernel` menu.

5. This repository uses pre-commit hooks for auto-formatting and linting.
    * Run `pre-commit install` to set up the git hook scripts - this installs flake8 formatting, black
    auto-formatting as pre-commit hooks.
    * Run `gitlint install-hook` to install the gitlint commit-msg hook
    * (optional) If you want to manually run all pre-commit hooks on a repository,
    run `pre-commit run --all-files`. To run individual hooks use `pre-commit run <hook_id>`.

6. Download the environment from one of the links below. You need only select the environment that matches your operating system:
    - Linux: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Linux.zip)
    - Mac OSX: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana.app.zip)
    - Windows (32-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86.zip)
    - Windows (64-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86_64.zip)

    (_For Windows users_) Check out [this link](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/827218/how-to-determine-whether-a-computer-is-running-a-32-bit-version-or-64) if you need help with determining if your computer is running a 32-bit version or 64-bit version of the Windows operating system.

    (_For AWS_) If you'd like to train the agent on AWS (and have not [enabled a virtual screen](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Training-on-Amazon-Web-Service.md)), then please use [this link](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Linux_NoVis.zip) to obtain the environment.

7. Place the file in the root directory of this repo and unzip (or decompress) the file. The notebook to train the
agent will look for the environment at the project root.

## Instructions
Follow the instructions in `Navigation.ipynb` to train the agent.
